Issue 167 1 (#186)
solid-software/solid_lints: CHANGELOG.md

> ## 0.3.4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 0.3.0
```

> - Added exclude classes, methods, functions into avoid_returning_widgets,avoid_unused_parameters, cyclomatic_complexity, function_lines_of_code, no_empty_bloc, number_of_parameters 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `exclude` parameter for the following lints:
  - `avoid_returning_widgets`
  - ...
```

> - Changed exclude parameter name into unction lines of code from excludeNames to exclude

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- BREAKING CHANGE: Renamed `excludeNames` parameter to `exclude` for `function_lines_of_code` lint.
```

## 0.2.4

> - Fixed an issue with `prefer_early_retrun` for throw expression 

Reviewer: Move this changelog into 0.3.0 -- these changes will go as a single release.
